Surface ValueTask in Blazor JS interop (#15846)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/javascript-interop.md

}
```

> For a method that doesn't return a value, such as focusing an element, use `IJSRuntime.InvokeVoidAsync` with the preceding JavaScript function and the `ElementReference`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call a JavaScript function that doesn't return a value, use `IJSRuntime.InvokeVoidAsync`. The following code sets the focus on the username input by calling the preceding JavaScript function with the captured `ElementReference`:
```
